1. She has led a life of the instinct; she has adjusted herself to economic, political and social environments that might have spelled disaster to a less robust racial constitution; she has received her 

2. There are her arts and philosophies, her paintings and her theatres, which provide the common people with all the moral notions of good and evil, and that tremendous mass of folk literature and folklo

3. 1 He feels happy when he learns that the Chinese are beginning to observe Christmas and make progress, and feels amazed when he is not understood in English; he walks as if the whole lot of them did n

4. Since the invention of the flush toilet and the vacuum carpet cleaner, the modern man seems to judge a man's moral standards by his cleanliness, and thinks a dog the more highly civilized for having a

5. Yet it is not dirt but the fear of dirt which is the sign of man's degeneration, and it is dangerous to judge a man's physical and moral sanity by outside standards.

6. The real question of physical and moral health in man as well as in animals is how well he is able to do his work and enjoy his life, and how fit he is yet to survive.

7. Life with the Chinese seems to move on a slower, quieter level, the level of sedate living, not the level of action and adventure, with corresponding mental and moral habits of a peaceful and negative

8. Historically, this occurs with such striking regularity, at the interval of every eight hundred years, as to lead one to suppose that actually a periodic regeneration of the race was necessary, and th

9. There was a decadence of moral fibre reflected in poetry and literature during these periods of northern and southern secession and rivalry, as already seen in the poems quoted above in this chapter.

10. Did the creators of the Chinese pattern of life do more wisely than they knew in maintaining a level between civilization and the primitive habits of living? Was it their sound instinct which guided t

11. " And somehow from the family instructions of Yen Chiht'ui (SS1-^*)* Fan Chungyen (989-1052), Chu Hsi (1130-1300), down to those of Ch'en Hungmu (1696-1771) and Tseng THE CHINESE PEOPLE 37 Kuofan (181

12. Had China's cultural life flowered and then ended a few centuries after Confucius as the Greek genius did, there would have been only some fine moral maxims and folk lyrics, and certainly none of Chin

13. The Chinese also inculcate it consciouslv THE CHINESE CHARACTER 45 as a high moral virtue.

14. " Instead of taking that as a sad commentary on the family system, the Chinese people have ever after envied his example, and the phrase "hundred patience" {po-jen) has passed into current moral prove

15. In other words, indifference is not a high moral virtue but a social attitude made necessary by the absence of legal protection.

16. Therefore when a Chinese scholar is in office he moralizes, and when he is out of office he versifies, and usually it is good Taoistic poetry.

17. THE CHINESE CHARACTER 53 Chinese literature from becoming a mere collection of eulogies on the imperial virtues and a rehash of moral exhortations.

18. For th Confucianist was immeasurably proud of Confucius, and h being proud of Confucius, he was proud of the nation, prow of the Chinese having understood life in its moral essence THE CHINESE CHARACT

19. For the Chinese mind delights only in moral platitudes, and their abstract terms like "benevolence," "kindliness," "propriety" and "loyalty" are so general that in such discussions they are naturally 

20. The Sung philosophers reinterpreted Confucianism in the light of Buddhism, and transformed it into a system of mental discipline and moral hygiene.

